- WIP of app manager refactoring
  - world and partymanager have app manager now, instead of world and localplayer.
  - still working on refactoring considering multiplayer.
    - each game player will need to have partymanager, not just single remote player.
    - the zdoc need to have another one hierachy called partyMap so that it can manage relation between party and characters.
  - in the end, this will need the full test of multiplayer with two players using party system.
- (cancelled) using same source for generating controlObject in avatar renderer to remove duplicated model loading.
  - previous one imports glb from buffer directly. Update includes create the control object in optimizer using skeleton and morphs only and serialize it back to avatar renderer.
  - concern is that deserializing still happens on avatar renderer and the performance gain is not obvious.
  - gltfExporter and gltfLoader doesn't work on vrm extension: https://github.com/upstreet-labs/app/pull/56#issuecomment-1231880062
- WIP of fixing crash bug on multiple Home/End key press. Aborting previous avatar optimizer call break things and leads to memory leak.
  > For the cancellation you will probably need a new threading model where it’s not using iframe, but cancelable workers

  > Or to forward the signal to the thread
- resolve conflict of current PR for belopot's refactoring changes (https://github.com/upstreet-labs/app/commit/0662fd02ee2fc1752c886f738d332f4c0f2e8ce8)
  - blocked by out-versioned `three` and `totum`.

I will debug something more for control object serialization and then resolve the conflict/merge current PR first(https://github.com/upstreet-labs/app/pull/56).
