- another merge day:
  - merged avatars -> character refactoring
  - merged scn file export to create proper scenes
  - merged misc scene updates
- reviewed new sick-ass party system by jack
  - almost good to merge, just some refactoring needed
- tried to iPhone-debug some more avatar renderer bindings in the middle of the night
- spent last night tracking down a bug where some parts of an avatar would not be skinned
  - turns out it only happens with some models, so wasted a couple hours trying to repro it with a working model
  - it only happens for the face mesh, not other me
  - probably has to do with exact materials setup/morphs
  - Jack helped with this
- debugged avatar renderer not having its control flag set by the avatar animator. easy fix but wasted 30 mins :(.
- cursory AI research
  - facebook vocoder
    - team is trying to resynthesize the ponies + somnium files on top of it
  - review diffsound deployment instructions
  - review stable-diffusion deployment requiements
- diffsound ai sound generation model require's Google's soundset, which unfortunately google does not provide the data for (only provides the checkpoints). luckily researchers have uploaded the research dataset to baidu! unluckily, are checkpoints on baidu, and the  great firewall is rolling back + resetting the download.
  - team member on the other side of the planet was able to route some of the data to to GDrive! but it's 1TB so requires jumping through some hoops due to data speeds.
  - downloading the remaining components is very annoying and time consuming as, since they are littered across several international hosting services, and each hosting service has a different frontend. the speeds for some of these sporadially work at 20kb/s. nobody is going to do this!